Sanitize logs in JBossLoggingEventListenerProvider (#25747)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/upgrading/topics/keycloak/changes-24_0_0.adoc

and potentially introduce unexpected changes and behavior that should only affect pages for a specific flow.

If you have customizations to the `login-update-profile.ftl` template to customize how users update their profiles when authenticating through a broker, make sure to move your changes
to the new template.

> = Changes in jboss-logging event messages

Reviewer: If we are going to backport this (which I assume that yest), then it should rather use file `changes-23_0_5.adoc` to add this release note?

> Because of issue https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/25078[#25078], the `jboss-logging` message values are now quoted (character `"` by default) and sanitized to prevent any line break. There are two new options in the provider (`spi-events-listener-jboss-logging-sanitize` and `spi-events-listener-jboss-logging-quotes`) that allow to customize the new behavior. For example, to avoid both, sanitization and quoting, the server can be started like this:

Author: Done!

```
./kc.sh start --spi-events-listener-jboss-logging-sanitize=false --spi-events-listener-jboss-logging-quotes=none ...
```

> More information about the options in the https://www.keycloak.org/server/all-provider-config#_jboss_logging[all provider configuration guide].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about the options, see the https://www.keycloak.org/server/all-provider-config#_jboss_logging[all provider configuration guide].
```
